People I am my screen in Storkow
not huge and whitely divided into
basie volt in three steps lingering in
approach transition and repulsion
As I explain it to the right-handed
the links im simply made
So that comes from your side
underway
we can even do it from scratch
harder then you shall not have the
wilke the left foot and thereby
at the same time the right hand at one
you just have to grab it and
just with an object of this wall must
her as much as she said
sales attitude take after take
her right leg you the so far the
swing march that is until happy hour
body must catapulted you take that
leg high makes it go up and up
in the moment where he is then already
leads you with the left leg off
and sees and leads with the right hand
the two above
once this concept since just
would have to come over then too
Do something else to land
He then sets as soon as you are here
since the left or the left hand on
Austria and then sends once
with the right foot with the right foot
then beginning again is the transition
imprint me as something weird
have it so reinforced so again
big whole
I'll say a preliminary exercise now
for the lazy rottweil
to avoid injury in some
sydney will try you soon for the first time
they get the right leg over
but that does not include and then have
right here so and that should be just
avoid
So here above you are you doing
the approach position takes again
but instead of swinging jump forwards
your report has replaced laws
Thighs were on it and the same
next to it as soon as they are like that
sat with as soon as possible
just squeeze your hands off again
and make this war before the
do not exercise approach position
Do not forget to jump off
make in this war
but that should be something
pull from it